# grammy-googles
GrammyGoogles is designed to help senior citizens and technology newbies learn the very basics of modern technological tools and equipment.

**Site URL:** [https://meghangutshall.com/grammygoogles/](https://meghangutshall.com/grammygoogles/)

**Written description:**
My site is designed to help senior citizens and technology newbies learn the very basics of modern technological tools and equipment. I try to break everything down into categories and keep it as simple as possible in order for the user to easily digest the information. Since I’m anticipating that most users will be senior citizens with little to no computer experience, I have designed the elements to be large and included tooltips to instruct the user on how to navigate the website.

At first I wanted to code the site from scratch but after some reflection I decided to use the Bootstrap 4 framework. Since I plan on continuing to develop and update this site for public usage, I figured it would be a good idea to use the tools available to me rather than frustrate myself trying to code a whole site from scratch. I also had to make some changes to the original wireframe because some elements that I originally wanted to include use programming languages that I haven’t learned yet.

My site is compliant with the W3 Validator as well as responsive (see comment.) I have added extra features which include: breadcrumbs, a contact form, tooltips, and lightbox. The breadcrumbs appear at the top of every page (except the homepage) and show the user where they are on the site. The user can click on one of the breadcrumb links to be redirected to the selected page. I added a contact form for if users have any questions or comments. It is not active yet but I hope to learn the appropriate code to implement it in the future. I added tooltips for when the user hovers their cursor over a button. This will give them a little extra information as to the purpose of each button. Lastly, I added a lightbox plugin to expand pictures and make them more easy to view.

Screenshots of: [my wireframes](https://meghangutshall.com/final-project.html), [site validation](https://meghangutshall.com/uploads/1/1/9/5/119558693/grammy-googles-project/validator-screenshots/grammy-google-validator-results.png), and [site responsiveness](https://meghangutshall.com/uploads/1/1/9/5/119558693/grammy-googles-project/responsive-screenshots/grammy-googles-responsive-quad.png)